#letter to parents

- [ ] A. no %

- [ ] B. What grade based on

- [ ] C. Issues to work on


I apologize for taking so long to respond.  Your questions happen to be part of a much larger conversation occuring at Templeton, and within the VSB as an organization. As you may know, the Ministry of Education is in the midst of redesigning curriculum for all grades.  What is less common knowledge is that assessment practices are also part of the redesign.  I am part of an Inquriy team looking at how that is going to work at Templeton.  I have drafted a much longer response to your questions, but I realize I need to give some quick answers right now, so: 

A. No percentages, as we are moving away from a focus on numbers. (More info to follow)
B. The grades are based on a draft Rubric that we are developing (please see [this link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NYEAa5lHLYWlUNY_FtvWJ2KgOj1pc9ZGbAAyO9G9etw/edit?usp=sharing); more to follow)
C. We have talked and already agreed that using computer-based learning activities are not am effective way for him to show evidence of his learning; we have started to make changes/provide new and alternative activities - (MathPower text, for example; more to follow).


### [Intent of the District Inquiry Project:](http://go.vsb.bc.ca/schools/ltm/Pages/default.aspx)
An opportunity for school teams to work together at the school level to explore a variety of methods for documenting knowledge, skills and attitudes (and helping our students to document their learning), and then to come together at the District level to discuss the myriad of opportunities and possibilities around Communicating Student Learning.



### [BC Min Ed - Rationale](http://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content/education-training/administration/legislation-policy/public-schools/student-reporting)

The Ministry of Education is redesigning curriculum and assessment to fit with the modern education system needed for today’s world. Redesigned curriculum for Grades K-9 is being implemented in the 2016/2017 school year.  In addition, parental engagement about student progress reporting is taking place during the 2016/17 school year.

To provide flexibility beginning in the 2016/2017 school year, Boards of Education that have developed or are developing new student progress reporting policies and procedures for students in Grades K-9 may use these practices if they meet the Interim Student Reporting Guidelines contained in this policy.

TK - need to come back to; further reading

* see also [Reporting Student Progress (Grades K–9): Guidelines for School Districts](https://curriculum.gov.bc.ca/sites/curriculum.gov.bc.ca/files/pdf/updates/educator_update_student_progress_k-9.pdf)

### [09_reporting_student_progress](http://www.bced.gov.bc.ca/classroom_assessment/09_report_student_prog.pdf) - pg 14
[09_report_student_prog.pdf - GDoc version](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1bhcXLq2KKRuHP0lEN0uDMWBkf2dHsXbpAUJRvtKChKU)

Teachers use the following letter grades in student progress reports in Grades 4 to 12.

Letter Grade | Description
------|------
A|The student demonstrates excellent or outstanding performance in relation to the learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade.
B|The student demonstrates very good performance in relation to the learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade.
C+|The student demonstrates good performance in relation to the learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade.
C|The student demonstrates satisfactory performance in relation to the expected learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade.
C-|The student demonstrates minimally acceptable performance in relation to the learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade.
I|In Progress or Incomplete. The student, for a variety of reasons, is not demonstrating minimally acceptable performance in relation to the learning outcomes. An “I” letter grade may only be assigned in accordance with section 3 of the Provincial Letter Grades Order.
F|Failed or Failing. The student has not demonstrated, or is not demonstrating, minimally acceptable performance in relation to the learning outcomes for the course or subject and grade. The letter grade “F” may only be assigned if an “I” (In Progress) letter grade has been previously assigned for that course or subject and grade or if the “F” is assigned as a result of failing a provincially examinable course.
W|Withdrawal. According to the policy of the board, and upon request of the parent of the student or, when appropriate, the student, the principal, vice principal or director of instruction in charge of a school may grant permission to a student to withdraw from a course or subject.


