# Structure

## Genre - 

## Beginning

### Thesis - 

## Middle

* Point/Snapshot/Event 
* Point/Snapshot/Event

## End

## __Self-Supporting Structure / EST list__

__*establish*__ relationship early in the piece, __*sustain*__ it through consistent description, and perhaps __*transform*__ it when new factors are introduced

* EST Item
* EST Item

* [Where Seymour Papert Got It Wrong](https://medium.com/vertical-learning/where-seymour-papert-got-it-wrong-6203f94149d1)
* [David Ng](https://medium.com/@dng_16133)

> The first thesis is there’s no such thing as easy or hard subjects, only domains with abundant materials or sparse materials.

> Papert argues we can learn math as naturally and easily as children learn French in France if we grow up immersed in an environment rich in math materials.

> His thesis that we can learn anything if we have access to the materials we need to construct our own understanding is both profound and transformative.

> Because a computer can be programmed to take on different functions, maybe children can use computers to build their own materials, bypassing adults and inoculating themselves from the mathophobic culture. He describes the computer as the “Proteus of machines”.

> He only proposes children use computers to build their own Mathland materials because he knows the adults can’t.

> But putting children in charge of their own learning is not the core premise of Mindstorms ... Agency is necessary, but completely insufficient if the raw materials for learning aren’t even available.

> When Papert discusses cultural mathophobia, he makes it clear he means the fear of learning, not just the fear of math. “Math” is the root word for learning in Greek. The idea that anyone can learn anything naturally and easily is a mortal threat to mathophobia. Learning is supposed to be hard. It takes grit and passion. And make no mistake about it, passion is code for aptitude.

> I understand why no one talks about Papert’s first thesis any more. It seems unachievable. We focus on the Hail Mary pass because at least it may be possible. So what if it results in a pale imitation of Mathland, a place where only students with a passion and aptitude for math can learn math? We can always pretend the students who lack aptitude also lack grit and passion, that they used their agency to focus on something else. Plausible deniability.

[PAPERT'S IDEAS: MAINLY FROM MINDSTORMS - Bill Kerr, October 1991.](http://www.users.on.net/~billkerr/a/papert.htm)
[hyootheis.is](https://hyp.is/tZxWvtrkEea47aOfeOrrZg/www.users.on.net/~billkerr/a/papert.htm)
> In opposition to Instructionism, Papert advances the guiding principle of Constructionism for creating a humane and enriching education system. The learning environment is about building and creating things, eg. building rich cognitive structures internally and building things like LEGO machines externally. In this environment the teacher is first and foremost a fellow learner (who might spend more time instructing others simply because he/she may know more).

> Papert has taken the most traditional subjects - maths and science - and has begun to restructure them to fit the user. Papert and his supporters have created an interesting maths-land and science-land that are both user friendly and powerful learning environments.





